Add pipeline instructions: finding best model and reusing nodes. (#150)
valohai/docs: source/topic-guides/core-concepts/pipelines.rst

For example, consider the following sequence of data science operations:

1. **Preprocess** dataset on a memory-optimized machine
2. **Train** multiple machine learning models on GPU machines using the preprocessed data
3. **Evaluate** all of the trained models
4. **Find-best-model** compare the models to find the best model
5. **Deploy** a new version of your trained model for online inference

Our pipeline would have 4 or more **nodes**; at least one for each :doc:`step </topic-guides/core-concepts/steps>` mentioned above and one for the deployment.

In the example below we'll train 3 different models in parallel and compare them to find the best performing model that we can deploy to an HTTP endpoint. 

> It is noteworthy that when evaluating multiple trained models inside a pipeline, **the comparison for choosing the best model is not done automatically**. The comparison needs to be defined separately and run for example in its own node (find-best-model node in the figure below).    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is worth noting that when evaluating multiple trained models inside a pipeline, **the comparison for choosing the best model is not done automatically**. It's up to you to define the comparison according to your models criteria and run the comparison in its own node (find-best-model node in the figure below). 
```
